hello it's Ruby and we just went to go
and get my GCSE examination results and
I cannot even tell you how nervous I was
before that it was actually the most
nerve-wracking thing I think I've ever
been subjected to but I am very pleased
with my results especially Spanish in RS
and English because I didn't think I was
going to do fantastically but now I
decided to vlog just because people tend
to do this on the examination results
days I don't know why but we are going
to this shot where my sisters working to
go and tell her what I got and then we
are going out for doughnuts
so we are now here at Tescos and as I
said we are going to go and get donuts
it's Ruby and today is the 31st of
August
it is currently 9:30 and I'm just about
to go and get some breakfast I'll show
you what I'm wearing today I'm wearing
this shirt which there's ohana means
family family means no one gets left
behind or forgotten which is from red
bubble then I'm wearing these blue
floral leggings from Hollister and these
stripey socks sorry from forever21 my
staff that
so I'm now 70 pages into sister noon I
started this morning and it's really
good so far it's quite different from
anything I've read previously it's quite
unique
I'm watching Oh which is an
interpretation of a fellow as I'm using
England so I've just finished writing my
one page response to the movie oh and
this means I'm done with all of my
summer homework now which is actually
quite a relief because although I like
homework it can sometimes especially
during the holidays kind of bore down on
you a bit because you feel guilty doing
anything else
but now I have a lot more time to read
so in me my friend Amy is gonna be here
in around 10 minutes and I might do some
filming while she's here but I might not
it kind of depends and I just fell
outside on the trampoline as well and I
was listening to some music from the new
Annie soundtrack it's all that new
anymore but I love the 2014 movie I
actually changed my leggings so now I'm
wearing these Navy leggings and some
shorts on top and that's because I
actually spilt something down my other
ones so I put them in the wash the
effect didn't work so it's just it's
just you